hello friends we are back in another
new video tutorial with the song of
I'm not dead of the group do and we're going
to start with what is center of the
song do not tell anymore and it's this
part what to say the whole song let's go
to occupy what is do sharp minor and
greater the greater and my greater in this order
of all we are going to make the changes
rapids with rhythmic ballad ok the rhythm
it's nonsense yes
ok then this would be what is the
song filter now let's do
the verses
these are the verses
I'm not dead, I 'm just
sleeping
If I look at the sky
are you I'm tired maybe a little
tired I'm not dead but I'm
tired
to do what are the verses of the
song let's occupy what is do
sustained lesser or equal again we're going to
good the same the same actors that
we are in the intro but we are going to
put what is my greatest good if I already
I was going to occupy again what is
the best and biggest ok we're just going to
occupy those four chords but in
different order these are we going to do the
order for you to check those are
the verses I'm not dead just
I'm sleeping
I'm not dead, I 'm just
sleeping
in mine or blind
if you notice that I already have a dream
and if maybe I'm tired
maybe a little fatigued
I'm not dead, I 'm just
tired
ok until this part we're doing fine now
would follow the other part which is what
I could say it's a good chorus no
there is precocity not simply it will turn to
repeat another another another another form and
we will occupy the same this chord
then let's see that part
that we did the first tapes in the
second through this
I just stopped seeing
I'm not going to walk anymore
my eyes are no longer going to see
and I no longer have to grow
I'm not dead
all right
I'm not dead, I 'm just
sleeping I'm just called to
live life
yes
I'm eating
I am
there followed what is a small
intermediate and enable medium more be
equal online we do the same thing
Enter and start again with the no
I am
simply
I have stopped breathing
it is not the same anymore and it will be
repeat the whole part of the song
where he says me but he is not going to
to repeat again twice I'm not
dead I'm just watching and up
the last one this is the end it would be no
I'm dead simply
I'm a little tired
with those chords I hope they have
understood this song the truth is not
so hard let's make a little
summary so you check nothing else
how would it be what is the good intro to
to see how this would be if I am
I'm just watching
if you look at your children
if you notice that I have a dream
fifth is that I'm tired
and maybe a little tired I'm not
dead I'm just letters
simply
day
I'm not going to walk
but it's not going to grow
I'm not me
then that would be what the tutorial is
nothing else I'm not dead of lazy
I hope you have understood take care
put it up if the likes of
video the truth I really like lazy
I'm going to start making other songs
maybe the one with this great speed between
others
take care a lot and I fin friend cristóbal
subscribe if they inhabit here pucho of this
little button I said more work how about
they seemed to already know all this think and
until next time
I am you